Strength pedestrian
You're a 0-point contestant with shit power
I'll tell you what.
The results of the Olympic Games are for the whole world
You are now shielding each other
It's no use pursuing him.
You can blow him higher.
Wait until the moment the rescue is announced
He fell.
I will definitely see your problems
All injured
That's right, husband.
Zhao Ruolan is one of their tools
Just a vase
He will never be able to compare to our son in his life
Hahaha
Zhao Ruolan
I kindly advise you to take advantage of the situation before making it big
You quickly admit that you are the champion of the Fu Shao Games
Otherwise things will get bigger
It's not just you and your useless dad
No way to end
Even the richest man Ma will be dragged into the water by you
I'm clean and clean
Not afraid to make things bigger
It seems that you will not cry without seeing the coffin
Sure, I'll see how you end up
Ma Shoufu is not good
Now the online scolding is getting more and more intense
Everyone is reminding you and Zhao Ruolan
Zhao Ruolan is the most famous in our Olympic history
Outstanding Champion
A once-in-a-century talent
There is no room for insults and phone calls
Cancel Takahashi's lasting weightlifting results
And banned from the Olympics for life